tracy a nobleman welcome to a taste of
my life now you're born in London in
North London yes and I mean wasn't to uh
sort of traditional Jewish family yeah I
I mean it was in some ways I mean I
would say we were culturally Jewish um
food obviously was quite a big part of
our lives my grandparents were like
first-generation immigrants and they're
my mother's side had come from Russia my
father's side had come from Poland so I
mean who did most of the cooking I mean
mum cooked mom grandma and my
great-grandmother so it was a very big
female sort of tradition of cooking and
the sort of things that mum cooked I
mean the things that you can sort of
really remember from your childhood
school dinners for me was a luxury
because we used have like whole wheat
pasta where although all I wanted was
like spaghetti you know alpha Betty
spaghetti we never had alpha Betty
spaghetti you know it was all things
like health health health and sort of
brown past Rose I was this I want white
pasta we had brown bread wholemeal bread
when everybody else have mother's pride
if ever I felt very deprived so you know
at school when you gets Emily Nohr I'd
be like fantastic and shepherd's pie
fantastic